[Music] Let's
see, I can understand how the
market works and I don't fully understand that
when you're going to sell a product, they put
the best of their photos, the best image
so that it's attractive and it reaches
people's eyes so they want to buy it, but
what I don't understand either is this that I
put in a song when I bought this
shield, shield very quote-unquote of
Captain America, okay, I already put it that I
bought it in an ad for this that comes out on
Instagram, not a shield, and the photos didn't
have anything [ __ ] like that, I understand, I don't
understand why they put the most
attractive photo possible, but but this,
man, this was a complete robot,
tell me, tell me how the
[ __ ] am I going to compete against
localities with this shield, I mean,
looking at the photo had no point, to see if it
looks like metal, I [ __ ] myself if
in the photos it's according to the
metal shield, but if that seems little to you, I've fallen again, I've fallen again,
I'm an
idiot, I'm the only man who
stumbles on the same stone twice,
even everything was about to subscribe again the other day
to sergio
ramírez's channel thank goodness I realized
that I didn't have to do it but
this is already this has already been a bit of a
shame on the part of this great
extraction laugh at me I lie my [ __ ] face I
see myself another day again on instagram
an ad with this
spiderman costume and I say damn look I'm going to
buy it in case I have to go to a
party now halloween or if I have to
surprise someone for the
kids for whatever okay I'm going to
buy this spiderman costume and
look what I got
and it would be okay I mean this is the
spiderman costume that they made ko
the sweatshirt is nice and it's powerful and everything
but what the [ __ ] does this have to do with
the photo thank goodness it's cheaper
because come on I [ __ ] on all their
positions there are already several chapters of this
very interesting anime the
Latin American salsa singer about the case of sergio
ramírez and luisito communicates I'm going to
leave all the videos on this subject
in the description ordered so that you
can find out well by city video
some of those videos are
on the secondary channel because  I have
treated them live if I have not seen the
need to make a video here on the
main channel except for a few times
but basically the last thing that happened was
that ya o cabrera released a video where he
washed his hands like pilate
after almost 95% of the
worldwide youtube community did not believe the case of
serio ramirez well it's not that it is not what I
saw but we all
realized that joan cabrera was behind it let's
see now you soul of a jug what did you expect
if you put a man with an
argentinian accent playing one from mexico
upload this video to cabrera where they
have the likes and the lay's
deactivated and also the comments
implying to his people that he is
simply a man as if it were the
series be as if they were videos series it is
part of the series because in the
end the clown wanted to make us
believe was that he traveled to argentina to
fight with the supposed hacker
sergio ramirez that the fault of everything
was emmanuel who had deceived
him that manuel was the one who had
hired that actor and what are you
telling me the cabrera that you are
telling me, there is a screenshot of you on
Instagram out there circulating, you trying to
contact Emmanuel at the moment that
you realized that he had stolen
Sergio Ramirez's channel to associate
with him, my son, you couldn't be more shameless,
attentive to the evidence that you
give us, on the one hand, this photo, okay, where it
says that well, Manuel was already
known with the wifi equipment before
all this stuff, in fact, he provides
these photos that couldn't be more false,
my nine-year-old daughter draws
much better than this, I mean, my
nine-year-old daughter could have made it more real
with a colored pencil, look how
badly it is cut out and pasted here but
what the hell is this and then he puts some
screenshots of him talking to
Luisito Comunica, this surprises me
a lot, okay, I imagine it will be
false, Luisito Comunica has not
spoken out nor do I think he will speak out
on the subject because he is not going to give
this character any more attention because he says that
and he has contacted  licito
communicates that he has given him the data of the
real Ramirez seal and that he has given him
the real identification document that
this was given to him by Manuel okay that Manuel
got all this by hacking the account
this doesn't make sense if this
photo of this document was taken month and
damn the things that well none of us
write [ __ ] [ __ ] okay you're going to
love yourself now about me Cabrera and
a few days ago I had the pleasure of meeting in
an interview that I did on my channel
you know José Luis Scalia who is the
man they hired to play
the role of six of Ramirez the man
who was appearing in the videos
during those days you have the interview
on my secondary channel but well it's worth
highlighting a couple of important things the
first would be that he told us how much he charged
for doing that interpretation listen to do it
and it's too indiscreet to ask him
how much Cabrera paid him for that
job
a little bit because man do you have any idea of
the Argentine currency
no but they tell me here in the chat they
tell me who if you tell me the
amount who tells me how much in
dollars
d
for the three
and  for each of the videos 3000
Argentine pesos gentlemen how much money is that about a
thousand Argentine pesos let's see
how much it would be a thousand Argentine pesos would be
17.85 dollars okay this gentleman made three
videos so if he paid him two thousand per
video I charge 53 points 56 dollars how
can you be so miserable to grab and
deceive a man taking advantage of the
economic situation of his country in
this way without any secret that in
Argentina they are going through quite a
hard time and Cabrera arrives with her
bills and says here 50 euros there you
have it it's not to say well 50 euros because that's what
he has been able to pay and such it's not that
or that he would open to see I don't like to
talk about money it is almost never worth it here on
the platform but a youtube of the
numbers of Cabrera charges much
more but much more than what
a person charges the minimum wage good time I do
not want to do calculations or decide
more or less how much I could charge or
how much less but come on I say that it's
absurd and that for those videos and for
all this Sergio Ramirez thing he has
made a lot more than 50 euros in
fact just with the promo made that he
put in the video link do you remember that he
sent people to download an
application I'm absolutely sure that he
made a few thousand
euros
a few and you have to be [ __ ] rats
to take and give the man this part
of 50 steps and for three videos if you
pay them less than me exception for another
thing worth highlighting would be that well that Yao
Cabrera and this man the actor José Luis
got in touch through a
mutual friend okay he was the son
of a friend of Luis the second thing I
would change to highlight is that José Luis
Cabrera was never in contact in
person okay they have not even spoken to each other
by phone or anything the first
conversation that you have with Yao
Cabrera which is what he tells you I
never had a conversation with him the permission he
said that life came with the river and
that it would be a third person who
turned out according to what my José Luis tells me
who is the son of a personal friend of
a good friend of José Luis who
gets him this  work for jose luis okay it
's the kid apparently has some
contact with ya cabrera or works with him
and gets in touch with jose luis to
offer him this job of acts
through a third person someone
offers him the job no I
mean it's a person who works hand in
hand with ya cabrera the one who contrasts with
you
9 i'm
not going to repeat it to you
the son of a friend to make a good
friend
but I don't know if he did it with the intention
if he didn't do it with intention man
with him jose luis wants to think by not
involving the son of his friend that that
kid did it with good intentions that he did
n't have bad intentions with him but I
doubt it okay that is read I doubt it
very much because well because the whole
internet knows what happened with 62
ramirez ya o cabrera was looking for an
actor to impersonate
valuable identity basically your friend's son
knew perfectly well what he
was calling you for I think it's great that they don't
want to involve him and everything you
want but think badly and you'll be right but
because of what happened tonight it's very
important that we take this data into
account and  now come because it turns out
that ya cabrera is that I don't even know how I'm
surprised when we talk about it to
cabrera I would like us to remember this
moment of pay and sometimes I have
had breakfast or take a curb hito my
sister go wait to move the same
is getting hungry to have breakfast there is already
a chubby one oh how delicious the thing is that
yesterday already that the
crawling rat of yao cabrera
opened that is that I think that this character should be stopped because he really reaches limits that they do not have that he does not have a name even uploaded the following story yesterday in cite attention because with area that is sleeping let's go a video in
which everything for a regrettable regrettable video it
seems to me one of the
saddest things that
ya cabrera has done in his entire history and look
that he has done regrettable things in case
someone has not noticed and
I have confirmed this with the
phone number he has published his
instagram history ya cabrera the
phone number of josé luís scalia so that
people hit him the phone number and
huerna this man well right now
finds himself in a situation where he can't
use his cell phone or his joke
because it's being invaded, you know
how the situation is in Argentina, okay,
things aren't going well for changing cell phones or
phone numbers every day, just for
the pearl of wisdom, and Cabrera, well, they've
looked with this man, I don't know if it's because
of my interview because this
man said what he paid
because when he told what Yo, Cabrera, didn't
want him to tell because O, Cabrera
contacted this man, that is, through
this third person to ask him,
okay, to come out and apologize, but
in his own way, saying that it was Manuel who
hired him, let's
say that Cabrera likes
stabbings, okay, because not only did he make
a fake stabbing three years ago, but
now he's also stabbing
Emmanuel and José Luis Scalia, who, by the
way, observe, I'm very sorry for what I'm
going to tell you, but it seems to me that he
stabbed
your friend's son because if you're telling me
that he hadn't
spoken to Yo, Cabrera, and that he
always did and  through a
third party the only one who had your
number was that kid and that kid
leaked it to the number already cabrera what a [ __ ] piece of
[ __ ] already cabrera really you have
nothing to do to the man okay because
the man has no power to
hurt you and hunt the man and
being that he pays them [ __ ]
my words the words you give me from
knowing him I mean guys let's see the catch
[ __ ] and on top of that a rat because he's
made a lot of money with what you've
done those of you are so disgustingly
sneaky and I have to agree
with my friend Messi verga in one of
the last videos he uploaded in which he
said that the three of them were guilty of
everything that had gone wrong both the
actor and Manuel and me Cabrera all
three are to blame but so far
José Luis has been the only one who has asked for
a sincere apology okay because the
man wants to dedicate himself to the world of
entertainment he is an actor and he is a
man with a little shame who doesn't
want to see his name stained by this
line you this could have been
fixed another way  whether it was on the part of
cabrera or on the part of manuel,
the cordial way of having said, well, maybe
because look, we made a mistake,
we wanted to seek fame, take advantage of the
hype with this [ __ ], it has gotten out of
hand, well, we made a mistake and we
did something, we broke
something beautiful
and I'm very sorry, I believe that asking for
forgiveness honors people and dio
cabrera not only does not ask for forgiveness but
also muddies it even more since what a
[ __ ] piece of garbage heredia cabrera what do you gain by
publishing this man's phone number
so that everyone harasses him and
insults him because in fact
samantha is not going to insult him, your own followers have deceived him
by telling them that it was
your phone number and that you were going to water
with them and it turns out that the
phone number is by chance scalia
let's look at something positive about yao
cabrera okay for this to be
constructive criticism okay so that it's not
all hater because lately
people are quite upset with my
criticism so I'm going to say something good
about yo cabrera and that is that he
never, ever stops giving us content to
the criticism channels and kids
Leave me your opinion in the
comments box tomorrow and another video from
Salcedo. Also, remember that I have a
secondary channel where I upload podcasts,
extracts from live interviews and things
I do on the internet. I also have
another third new gameplay channel. Okay,
all of that is in the description. The channel
is recommended. Give me a chance and
until the next video. Ah ah.